[main < T164-MAGE] Add TGN amazon dataset jupyter notebook (#6)
memgraph/jupyter-memgraph-tutorials: pytorch_amazon_network_analysis/README.md

**[Docker](https://www.docker.com/)** and use **[GQLAlchemy](https://memgraph.com/docs/gqlalchemy/)** as a link between 
graph database objects and Python objects. To start, you will need **Docker** and to download 
**Docker image** of **[Memgraph Platform](https://memgraph.com/download)**

## What are GNNs
**Graph neural networks** present a neural network model that works with convolutions on graphs. It all started
with **[Graph convolutional networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.02907)** and scientists' idea to start exploring signals on graphs.
Those ideas first yielded [spectral clustering](https://arxiv.org/pdf/0711.0189.pdf), 
but after several years of researching signals in graphs **graph neural networks** were born.
Afterwards, **GNNs** expanded and started adapting **inductive** learning methods, which helped with their development on dynamic graphs - 
**[Temporal Graph Networks (TGN)](https://towardsdatascience.com/temporal-graph-networks-ab8f327f2efe)**.

Here is a schematic view of how **TGN** works:
![TGN](images/tgn.png)

As you can see, the process uses batch processing. In this image, we presented how the edge prediction task works

> with **interaction events** as the main building block of **TGN**. Interaction event is an another name for the creation of an edge```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with **interaction events** as the main building block of **TGN**. Interaction event is an another name for the creation of an edge
```

#PyTorch x Amazon product reviews = :heart:

> Purpose of this  **Jupyter Notebook** is to make it easy to start **exploring and learning**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this **Jupyter Notebook** is to make it easy to start **exploring and learning**
```

> Purpose of this  **Jupyter Notebook** is to make it easy to start **exploring and learning**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this **Jupyter Notebook** is to make it easy to start **exploring and learning**
```

about **Temporal Graph Networks** and **GNNs** as part of **Memgraph** and in general.

## Table of contents
 * [Introduction to repo](#introduction)
 * [What are Graph Neural Networks and TGN](#what-are-gnns)
 * [Dataset visualized](#dataset-visualized)
 * [About Amazon product dataset](#about-dataset)
 * [Setup](#setup)
 * [Learning materials](#learning-materials)

##Introduction
This directory is an example of how to use **[Temporal Graph Networks](https://memgraph.com/docs/mage/query-modules/python/tgn)** for the
link prediction on **[Amazon product graph](http://snap.stanford.edu/data/amazon/productGraph/)** dataset.

In this Jupyter Notebook  we run **[Memgraph](https://memgraph.com/docs/memgraph/)** inside 
**[Docker](https://www.docker.com/)** and use **[GQLAlchemy](https://memgraph.com/docs/gqlalchemy/)** as a link between 

> Graph Database objects and Python objects. To start you will need **Docker** and you will need to download 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
graph database objects and Python objects. To start, you will need **Docker** and to download 
```

**Docker image** of **[Memgraph Platform](https://memgraph.com/download)**

## What are GNNs

> **Graph neural networks** present a neural network models dealing with convolutions over graphs. It all started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Graph neural networks** present a neural network model that works with convolutions on graphs. It all started
```

> with **[Graph convolutional networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.02907)** and idea of researchers to start exploring signals on graphs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with **[Graph convolutional networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1609.02907)** and scientists' idea to start exploring signals on graphs.
```

> Actually those ideas started way before with [spectral clustering](https://arxiv.org/pdf/0711.0189.pdf), 
> but after several years of research and polishing signal exploration over graph, **graph neural networks** were born.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those ideas first yielded [spectral clustering](https://arxiv.org/pdf/0711.0189.pdf), 
but after several years of researching signals in graphs **graph neural networks** were born.
```
Suggesting this so that we don't have two consecutive sentences that start with "X started".

> Afterwards, **GNNs** expanded and started adapting **inductive** learning methods, which helped with development of
> **[graph neural networks](https://towardsdatascience.com/temporal-graph-networks-ab8f327f2efe)** on dynamic graphs. This
> specific model is called **Temporal Graph Networks(TGN)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
Afterwards, **GNNs** expanded and started adapting **inductive** learning methods, which helped with their development on dynamic graphs - 
**[Temporal Graph Networks (TGN)](https://towardsdatascience.com/temporal-graph-networks-ab8f327f2efe)**.
```

Here is a schematic view of how **TGN** works:
![TGN](images/tgn.png)

> As you can see process works with batch processing. In this image, we presented how the edge prediction task works
> with **interaction events** as the main building block of **TGN**. Interaction event is another name for edge creation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, the process uses batch processing. In this image, we presented how the edge prediction task works
with **interaction events** as the main building block of **TGN**. Interaction event is an another name for the creation of an edge```

> between two nodes. After a batch is full we extract features from nodes and edges. From those features and old memory, we 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
between two nodes. After a batch is full, we extract features from nodes and edges. From those features and old memory, we 
```

> create a **message** for each of **interaction events**. Actually, from one interaction event, we create **two** messages, one
> for *source node* and the other for *destination node* of the edge. In step 3 we aggregate messages for each node. In a batch 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create **messages** for each of **interaction events**. Note that each interaction event generates **two** messages, one
for the *source node* and the other for the *destination node* of the edge. In step 3, messages fare aggregated for each node. In a batch 
```

> of messages, we have some old messages from nodes that already had interaction events in a graph. In our example, we use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of messages, there are some old messages from nodes that already had interaction events in a graph. In our example, we use
```

> a message aggregator that is in the research paper called **last**. We only take **last** message and it represents aggregated messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a message aggregator called **last** in research paper. It works by only taking the **last** message to represent the  message aggregation.
```
Also link the paper here

> Other options include **mean** or **LSTM**. Now, memory needs to be updated from new aggregated messages and old memory.
> The final step includes embedding calculation from updated memory and *node and edge* features which represent the initial embedding
> of nodes. This part of embedding calculation is not an easy task since for every node you need to design different 
> **computation graph** for every node since it depends on when did the mentioned node had last interaction, since it cannot
> see nodes from feature. To check how we implemented it, jump to [our GitHub site](https://github.com/memgraph/mage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The other options are **mean** or **LSTM**. Now, the memory needs to be updated from new aggregated messages and the old memory.
The final step includes calculation of embeddings from the updated memory and *node and edge* features which represent the initial node embedding. This part of embedding calculation is not simple - for every node, a new 
**computation graph** needs to be made because of it depending on when the said node last had an interaction, since it cannot
see nodes from feature. To check how we implemented it, jump to [our GitHub site](https://github.com/memgraph/mage).
```
What does "cannot see nodes from feature" mean?

Author: It means it doesn't have access to nodes from the future. I updated your suggestion.

![Dataset](images/temporal-computation-graph.png)

You can learn more about how **TGN** works from [learning materials](#learning-materials) down below.

## Dataset visualized

> We will start exploring **TGN** with our **amazon product** dataset looks. We have used **Memgraph Lab** to create

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will start exploring **TGN** with our **Amazon product** dataset looks. We have used **Memgraph Lab** to create
```
Capitalization

> this visualization. Memgraph Lab comes along with you **Memgraph Platform** and you can create your own styles **[here](https://memgraph.com/docs/memgraph-lab/)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this visualization. Memgraph Lab comes in **Memgraph Platform** and allows you to create custom styles ([docs](https://memgraph.com/docs/memgraph-lab/)**).
```

![Dataset](images/amazon-user-item-dataset.png)

## About dataset

> All the information about dataset, you can find on the following **[link](http://snap.stanford.edu/data/amazon/productGraph/)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the information about the dataset can be found at the following **[link](http://snap.stanford.edu/data/amazon/productGraph/)**.
```

From the dataset description: 
```plaintext
This dataset contains product reviews and metadata from Amazon, 
including 143.7 million reviews spanning May 1996 - July 2014.

This dataset includes reviews (ratings, text, helpfulness votes), 
product metadata (descriptions, category information, price, brand, and image features), 
and links (also viewed/also bought graphs).
```

## Setup
1. Firstly, go to **[Stanford page](http://snap.stanford.edu/data/amazon/)** which contains dataset of Amazon product reviews.

> 2. Pick one of the datasets, download it, extract it and save it inside folder `pytorch_amazon_network_analysis/data/product_reviews.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Pick one of the datasets, download it, and extract it to the `pytorch_amazon_network_analysis/data/product_reviews.txt` path
```
As `product_reviews.txt` is not a folder, does the above wording work for you?

> 3. Use script we prepared in `./public/json_converter.py` to create a JSON file from your dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Use the script we prepared in `./public/json_converter.py` to create a JSON file from your dataset. 
```

4. Now use`./public/main.py` to create cypher queries. Now we can start exploring **TGN** as part of **Jupyter Notebook**.

> 5. Open **Jupyter Lab** and run cells. **Memgraph** should be up and running in order to run successfully all the cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Open **Jupyter Lab** and run the cells. **Memgraph** should be up and running in order for all cells to be successfully run.
```

## Results visualized

> In our experiments we used dataset of around 11500 edges. For that kind of dataset we don't need that many epochs to achieve pretty good results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our experiments we used a dataset of around 11500 edges. For that kind of a dataset we don't need that many epochs to achieve pretty good results.
```

![TGN](images/amazon-user-item-train-eval.png)

## Learning materials

> If you wish to start exploring about **TGN** you can read one of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to start exploring about **TGN**, you can read one of the following:
```
